# hello-world
LIGHT THE INDUSTRY BRIGHTER
Am an innovative, committed, reliable, open minded and driven for result individual, with diverse knowledge and broad experience in computer information systems that include; Data Security and management, Computer networks and cyber security, systems development, operations and maintenance, and networking. I have diverse experience in IT strategies for business forecast, customization of document management workflow, workflow analysis, risk analysis, and systems integrations with ERP systems (Microsoft Navision dynamics and AX). I am knowledgeable in data management and analysis, corporate sales and marketing of computer accessories; hardware and software. I have excellent relation and networking skills attained overtime due to wide experience working with National, International companies and NGOs. I also have strong interpersonal and problem solving skills. I easily adopt to change and cope with pressure and setbacks. 
My career objective is to obtain a challenging and a rewarding career as a computer security and support specialist.

I have extensive experience of running complex computer systems, deployment and configuration of the technical direction for organizations, am a team player and able to work with departments to ensure that technology plays an effective role towards set objectives. 

My key skills and competence are: Computer hardware and software maintenance, Help-desk support, Project planning and management, IT management expertise, designing IT Systems Architecture, defining IT standards, developing ICT policies and processes to manage or mitigate risks, developing new opportunities for technology to uphold and boost the organisational effectiveness, network design and management, Computer and network security, Data management and Virtualization. Am a good trainer, team player and able to multitask and meet the deadlines of projects in good time.
I have six years work experience in Data management, I understand campaigns strategies since I have been involved a lot in politics and I believe I will work best to excellent. Am a holder of Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Security and Forensics and a Diploma in Linux for Engineering and IT Applications.

Given any precious golden opportunity I promise to work very competent towards set goals and objectives. My strengths lie in problem solving. I am very committed individual and believe that young minds must be challenged to achieve their best.
